Add "Code organization" section to readme (#28)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: README.md

3. Open [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

## Code organization

> - Navigation is automatically generated from [docs/.vuepress/config.js](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-docs/blob/master/docs/.vuepress/config.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigation is generated from [docs/.vuepress/config.js](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-docs/blob/master/docs/.vuepress/config.js) and the metadata within each Markdown file. Be sure to create an entry in this config file when adding new content. 
```
